Where is it? You want Guang Ling Zhan inside
The station has been a bit uneasy lately.
How do you sleep until the town is fine?
She should be considered my wife.
Good or not. That’s where the early anger came from.
Wait. You said this is Guanglingzhan. Yes.
Do you know where the absurdity is?
I have to go over and take care of something.
Ridiculous. This town has not been peaceful recently.
You. It’s better not to go out at night.
Really? The town has been pretty busy lately.
On the fifth night and early in the morning, there will be the sound of ghosts crying.
Being hit and jailed
Or lose your marriage
Otherwise, your life will be lost
It's cold with Li's house
You won’t go out, will you?
What about you?
The young man is so old
Half of the body is in the picture
Just keep rolling
It's all a trap.
No trap for the little one
Then I will tonight
Just find a place to sleep
Go back tomorrow, okay boy
If you don't trap me
It's better not to go back with me
I also want to worship you deeply. Is that true? Thank you. Goodbye.
Boy got me on the right track
What's that thin thing you're talking about, young man?
I document that the smell of love on your body is very strong in your home.
It's for free, right?
who are you really
I want to ask you to do something for me.
You must not have paid for it
So what's going on?
I want to ask you
What kind of competition do you want me to do?